Do the following operations on your computer using the terminal.

Go to Documents directorytouch 
Create a new file called hello.txt
Update hello.txt with a new line - Hello
Make another file called world.txt
Update world.txt with a new line - World!
 

Exercise

After doing the above operations, answer the following questions -

1. How can you print the content of hello.txt and world.txt together?
Ans : $ cat hello.txt world.txt


2. What's the output of running that command?
Ans : hello world 

3. Run a command to count how many lines does the letter l appear on when the content of hello.txt and world.txt are printed together. Paste the command here. (Hint: Use the grep command. You
will need to pass another option, use --help command to
find that.)
Ans: $ cat -n hello.txt world.txt | grep --color l
     1  hello
     2  world


Go to the Documents directory in your machine and run a command to find the path of that directory, paste the
output.
Ans :/c/Users/Dell/desktop/react


List all the files and folders in the Documents directory in long format and paste first 2 lines.
 Ans : -rw-r--r-- 1 Dell 197121  0 Sep 28 12:40 Rupakm.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 Dell 197121  0 Sep 27 16:08 dev


What's the command to list all files and folders in a directory in the long format but they should also be sorted by their size, in decreasing order? Write the command here.
Do the following operations on your computer using the terminal.
Ans : $ ls -lS

Go to Documents directory
print all the files and folders
make a new directory called my-folder
go inside my-folder
make a new file called commands.txt
write all the commands that you learned so far, via the terminal based editor nano along with their explanation and save.
Ans: Nano filename to edit or update , Ctrl + x to save , y for yes , N for No. 

create a new folder called dummy in my-folder directory itself.
navigate to dummy, and create a new file called hello.txt.
write your name in hello.txt.


create a new folder called practice inside dummy itself.

navigate to practice and create 2 folders called source and destination

navigate to source and create a new file called index.html.

write hello world inside index.html and save
copy index.html into destination folder..

move out to the my-folder directory
create a new file called current-file-structure.txt
write the layout of current file structure of the entire my-folder folder in this file i.e. current-file-structure.txt.

After doing the above operations, answer this question -
Copy the content of current-file-structure.txt and paste it here.
$ ls
comands.txt  current-file-structure.txt  dummy/  index.html



